# ws-front-end

Webster Systems front end for FIX connection

## runbook

SBE MESSAGE SCHEMA: The SBE messages.xml schema is now held in ws-shared.
If you change the schema you have to follow the runbook there to autogenerate the JavaScript binary encoders / decoders for this website.
Then manually move the autogenerated files to the JS directory.
The SBE is tested by the `tests` project in ws-shared, and again by the `tests` project here.

### start

- navigate to relevant directory
- `pm2 start npm --name "ws-frontend" -- start`

### stop

- `pm2 stop ws-frontend`

## Logs

`pm2 status`
`pm2 logs`
`pm2 logs proxy-server --lines 100`
`pm2 logs ws-backend --lines 100`
`pm2 logs ws-frontend --lines 100`

## Clear logs

`pm2 flush`

## frontend

This contains the FX panel JS code.
Run it by navigating to frontend directory:

`pm2 start npm --name "ws-frontend" -- start`

`pm2 status`

To ensure start on reboot run

`pm2 save`

`pm2 startup`

## See logs

`pm2 logs ws-frontend --lines 100`
`pm2 logs proxy-server --lines 100`

## frontend jar

Per below add the backend jar to the frontend jar

## backend

This contains an express server.
Run it by navigating to backend directory:

`pm2 start server.js --name ws-backend`

PS G:\WS\ws-front-end\backend> npm start

> ws-backend@1.0.0 start
> node server.js

Server running on <http://localhost:3001>

## backend jar

SBE files are found in a backend jar by running `gradle createJar` in directory `build/libs`

## smoke test

use `npx jest tests/smoke/App.test.js --config jest.config.js --verbose`

## tests

The jest is configured using jest.config.js to look for tests in the tests directory.
Run the tests using `npm run jest-test` or `npm run jest-test tests/App.test.js`

There's a separate project `tests` to run tests for SBE encoding & decoding using Gradle.
Ensure the `backend` project has already been `gradle build` before running the `tests`.

To run a specific test in the `tests` project
`gradle :test --tests UseSbeTest`

## DNS changes

At Route 53:

- Removed webstersystems.co.uk A record from d32psyrastjep.cloudfront.net. to 13.42.7.2

- Changed <www.webstersystems.co.uk> CNAME record from d32psyrastjep.cloudfront.net. to main.d3m7l2s1elxq2z.amplifyapp.com

- Added <fxapi.webstersystems.co.uk> CNAME record to ec2-13-42-7-2.eu-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com

## Server

Check `ps -ef | grep proxy-server` for running processes.

Check the logs for running processes with

`pm2 logs ws-backend`

`pm2 logs proxy-server --lines 100`

## Logs

`pm2 status`
`pm2 logs`

## IP tables

Due to Linux systems binding to ports below 1024 requiring elevated privileges, I had to change iptables:

sudo iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp --dport 80 -j REDIRECT --to-port 8080
sudo iptables-save > /etc/sysconfig/iptables

## SWAP file

On EC2 a low RAM box gets "Killed" for example running `npm update`. Run the following to create a swap file:

`sudo fallocate -l 2G /swapfile`

`sudo chmod 600 /swapfile`

`sudo mkswap /swapfile`

`sudo swapon /swapfile`

`sudo swapon --show`
